## Psuedosteps that display the folder's role in the ML Pipeline
- The purpose of this dir is to house test files that will be used to facilitate the process for doing the neccessary feature engineering to get the training data and test data ready.
- As aforementioned, the purpose of this is to prepare the training set that will be sent to the model. This process will involve: a) Deriving time series data, b) Programmatically Creating a new dataset form the time series data using data engineering to create a dataset that'll be used for multi-class classification problem, c) (cont here[writing this out will help filter out unnecessary code] IF applicable). From here, we get into detail about each subsystem. PN: Think it'd be useful to split this process into multiple functions to ease the process of testing. 
## Subsystem a)
1. The time Series derived is based on the value investing strategy being used. Strat 1 is as follows: *[Strat 1]1) A value stock should have P/B ratio of 1.0 or lower;  the P/B ratio is imporatn tbecause it **represents a comparision of the share price to a company's assets*. **One major limitation of the P/B ratio is that it functions best when used to assess capital-intensive companies, but **is less effective when applied to non-capital-intensive firms**. ALSO IMPT: Rather than looking for an absolute P/B ratio lower than 1.0, ivnestors may simply look for companies with a P/B ratio **that is realtively lower than the average P/B ratio of similar companies in its industry or market sector**. 2) **The Price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio** should be less than 40% of the stock's highest P/E over the previous five years. 3) Look for a share price that is less than 67% of the tangible per-share book value, AND less than 67% of the company's net current asset value (NCAV)*. [refer to .py file for comment referencing strategy]. To execute this strategy, a) **the formulas must be mapped using dependent variables, and the components of the formulas must be mapped as independent variables that each reference columns from the time series data**. b) This means, **the type of time series data depends on the respecitve independent variables purpose w.r.t to the strategy**. c) Once these formulas are mapped, **then the intervals requested in the strategy need to be utilzied to query the time series data for both the right time period AND the right interval**. d) (cont here if applicable)

2. Once that is established, then a new dataframe must be created. Once this DataFrame is created, then the dependent variables must make up the attribues for each row-tuple of this dataset. 

(cont here by going into detail about the processes required for this[use nomenclature associated with concepts used when using pandas])
## Subsystem b)
1. At this point, the DataFrame referencing the data engineered from the mutually exclusive external datasets must be written to a .csv file for model consumption. To prepare for this, an algorithm must be created based on the strategy which assigns the level of optimality based on the strategy being used. a) First, an algorithm must be created that uses a score to rank the optimality for each company's value when doing value investing. b) Once algorithm is created, then each company needs to be applied to the algorithm and the algorithm must return a score for each respective company. This score must be stored in a data structure that associates the score and the respective company.  c) Next, this data structure must be used such that it assigns a number with the highest number repping the highest optimality and the lowest number repping the lowest optimality. d) Next, a copy should be made of the new dataframe, e) Next, the results should be added to the column of the new dataset, f) Finally, the resultant dataframe should be written in memory as the trainingSetN file in the trainingSets directory of ModelDevelopmetn folder, and g) Finally the copied dataframe should be written in memory as the testSetN file inthe testSet directory. [address writing contents to neccesssary file(s)]  (cont here by going into detail about the processes required for this[use nomenclature associated with concepts used when using pandas])[UPDATE: At this point, I believe current process is sufficient. When time permits, optioanlly take the time to go into more detail about these substeps]
## Subsystem c)
1. (cont here by going into detail about the processes required for this[use nomenclature associated with concepts used when using pandas])
