README.md, before:

# CSCE585Project
This will be the repo referencing the ML Sys project from CSCE 585

**Project Proposal Content is referenced in the ProjectProposalInfo folder**
NOODOOEODELDELDEODEODEOSOS


# Formal Version of README.md file[Will replace the above]

# Project Title  
## Generating Passive Income For Young Adults Through a Value Investing Machine Learning Model  

## Group Info  
- Ardoine Docteur
  - Email: adocteur@email.sc.edu   
- Ava Patel
  - Email: avamp@email.sc.edu  
- Michelle Ihetu
  - Email: mihetu@email.sc.edu  

## Project Summary/Abstract  
This project is a machine learning model that helps young adults generate passive income through the strategy of value investing.
By combining financial data from sources such as Yahoo Finance, Alpha Vantage, and The Federal Reserve Economic Database (FRED), the model will analyze value metrics such as the Price to Earnings (P/E) ratio, the Price to Book (P/B) ratio, the Debt to Equity (D/E) ratio, and the Free Cash Flow (FCF) yield. The system will take in user input such as investment amount, desired return amount, and a time frame to generate stock reccomendations. It will then compare those recommendations to benchmarks like the S&P 500 and Russell 1000 Value Index to measure performance.

## Problem Description  
Many young adults want to start investing but don’t really know where to start or simply don't feel confident enough in their decisions to try. The stock market can seem confusing and risky, especially to beginners. Our project makes it that much easier for new investors by using a machine learning model to give users simple, data driven, and safer investment suggestions.
- Motivation  
  - Young adults want to accumulate a passive income overtime but do not know where to start. 
  - People do not have time to research in depth and learn what everything is when it comes to investing.  
  - Using ML will aid the user in making a decision in what to invest in by providing a suggestion backed with easy to understand data. This will help the user understand what exactly they are looking at.  
- Challenges  
  - Collecting and cleaning accurate and up to date financial data from many different sources.  
  - Making sure that the model is properly suggesting the undervalued stocks.
  - Coming up with a clear way for users to input their informattion and understand their data.

## Contribution  
- [`Replication of existing work`]  
- [`Extension of existing work`]  
- [`Novel contribution`]  

Please select one or multiple tags that apply. Example:  
### [`Replication of existing work`], [`Extension of existing work`]  
We use paper_1 [citation] to reproduce their results. We improve their method as follows:  
- Contribution 1  
- Contribution 2  

Note: This has no impact on your grade as long as you properly follow the procedure (e.g., problem identification, motivation, method, discussion, results, conclusion). Choosing [`Novel contribution`] will not give you any advantage over [`Replication of existing work`].  

## References  
### `BibTeX` of all references used in the project. Can be included as a `references.bib` file in the repo.  

---

# < The following is only applicable for the final project submission >  

## Dependencies  
### Include all dependencies required to run the project. Example:  
- Python 3.11  
- Ubuntu 22.04  

For Python users: Please use [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) as your package manager instead of `pip`. Your repo must include both the `uv.lock` and `pyproject.toml` files.  

## Directory Structure  
Example:  
```
|- data (mandatory)
|- src (mandatory)
|   |- model.py
|   |- example.py
|- train.py
|- run.py (mandatory)
|- result.py (mandatory)
```

⚠️ Notes:  
- All projects must include the `run.<ext>` script (extension depends on your programming language) at the project root directory. This is the script users will run to execute your project.  
- If your project computes/compares metrics such as accuracy, latency, or energy, you must include the `result.<ext>` script to plot the results.  
- Result files such as `.csv`, `.jpg`, or raw data must be saved in the `data` directory.  

## How to Run  
- Include all instructions (`commands`, `scripts`, etc.) needed to run your code.  
- Provide all other details a computer science student would need to reproduce your results.  

Example:  
- Download the [DATASET](dataset_link)
  ```bash
  wget <URL_of_file>
  ```

- To train the model, run:  
  ```bash
  python train.py
  ```  
- To plot the results, run:  
  ```bash
  python result.py
  ```  

## Demo  
- All projects must include video(s) demonstrating your project.  
- Please use annotations/explanations to clarify what is happening in the demo.  
---

Commit message:

Revise contribution section in README.md
Updated contribution section to clarify tags and contributions.

README.md, after:

# CSCE585Project
This will be the repo referencing the ML Sys project from CSCE 585

**Project Proposal Content is referenced in the ProjectProposalInfo folder**
NOODOOEODELDELDEODEODEOSOS


# Formal Version of README.md file[Will replace the above]

# Project Title  
## Generating Passive Income For Young Adults Through a Value Investing Machine Learning Model  

## Group Info  
- Ardoine Docteur
  - Email: adocteur@email.sc.edu   
- Ava Patel
  - Email: avamp@email.sc.edu  
- Michelle Ihetu
  - Email: mihetu@email.sc.edu  

## Project Summary/Abstract  
This project is a machine learning model that helps young adults generate passive income through the strategy of value investing.
By combining financial data from sources such as Yahoo Finance, Alpha Vantage, and The Federal Reserve Economic Database (FRED), the model will analyze value metrics such as the Price to Earnings (P/E) ratio, the Price to Book (P/B) ratio, the Debt to Equity (D/E) ratio, and the Free Cash Flow (FCF) yield. The system will take in user input such as investment amount, desired return amount, and a time frame to generate stock reccomendations. It will then compare those recommendations to benchmarks like the S&P 500 and Russell 1000 Value Index to measure performance.

## Problem Description  
Many young adults want to start investing but don’t really know where to start or simply don't feel confident enough in their decisions to try. The stock market can seem confusing and risky, especially to beginners. Our project makes it that much easier for new investors by using a machine learning model to give users simple, data driven, and safer investment suggestions.
- Motivation  
  - Young adults want to accumulate a passive income overtime but do not know where to start. 
  - People do not have time to research in depth and learn what everything is when it comes to investing.  
  - Using ML will aid the user in making a decision in what to invest in by providing a suggestion backed with easy to understand data. This will help the user understand what exactly they are looking at.  
- Challenges  
  - Collecting and cleaning accurate and up to date financial data from many different sources.  
  - Making sure that the model is properly suggesting the undervalued stocks.
  - Coming up with a clear way for users to input their informattion and understand their data.

## Contribution  
 

Please select one or multiple tags that apply. Example:  
### ['Replication Of Existing Work'] [`Extension of existing work`]  
We build upon Machine Learning Financial Analysis [Reference 3] to reproduce their work regarding calcualting out of sample predictions based on historical data. We replicate their method as follows:  
- Extracting non linear relationships from historical data 
- Creating out of sample inferences based on data
We also aim to increase financial literacy amoung users by explaining the investment process. We improve upon the process as follows:
- Creating a comprehensible user interface
- A summary contnent box to explain the users return of investment(ROI)
- Education resource to explain industry spefic terms 

Note: This has no impact on your grade as long as you properly follow the procedure (e.g., problem identification, motivation, method, discussion, results, conclusion). Choosing [`Novel contribution`] will not give you any advantage over [`Replication of existing work`].  

## References  
### `BibTeX` of all references used in the project. Can be included as a `references.bib` file in the repo.  

---

# < The following is only applicable for the final project submission >  

## Dependencies  
### Include all dependencies required to run the project. Example:  
- Python 3.11  
- Ubuntu 22.04  

For Python users: Please use [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) as your package manager instead of `pip`. Your repo must include both the `uv.lock` and `pyproject.toml` files.  

## Directory Structure  
Example:  
```
|- data (mandatory)
|- src (mandatory)
|   |- model.py
|   |- example.py
|- train.py
|- run.py (mandatory)
|- result.py (mandatory)
```

⚠️ Notes:  
- All projects must include the `run.<ext>` script (extension depends on your programming language) at the project root directory. This is the script users will run to execute your project.  
- If your project computes/compares metrics such as accuracy, latency, or energy, you must include the `result.<ext>` script to plot the results.  
- Result files such as `.csv`, `.jpg`, or raw data must be saved in the `data` directory.  

## How to Run  
- Include all instructions (`commands`, `scripts`, etc.) needed to run your code.  
- Provide all other details a computer science student would need to reproduce your results.  

Example:  
- Download the [DATASET](dataset_link)
  ```bash
  wget <URL_of_file>
  ```

- To train the model, run:  
  ```bash
  python train.py
  ```  
- To plot the results, run:  
  ```bash
  python result.py
  ```  

## Demo  
- All projects must include video(s) demonstrating your project.  
- Please use annotations/explanations to clarify what is happening in the demo.  
---
