[Purpose]: <> "The purpose of this file is to house UIDesign decscirpitons for states of the program"



## UIDesign Desc 
Idea: Guided Investment Platform for those who want to obtain passive income. 
- [State 0: Welcome Page]The user is met with 4x1 matrix that I will refer to as A. $\forall n \in [1,2]$, A(n,1) will reference an input field for the username and password respectively. A(3,1) will reference a 1x2 matrix that I will refer to as matrix B. $\forall n \in [1,2]$, B(1,n) will reference a buttons 'I am an Administrator' and `I am an Applicant` respectively. A(4,1) will reference a button that allows the user to submit their credentials. If user's credentials are correct, then user moves on to state #a, where $a \in {1}$[note, using this custom-notation will make the implementation of navigation through program a whole lot easier] the next state of the program. If user's credentials are incorrect, then user is notified. (cont here if applicable)
- [State 1: Tutorial/Home Page] At this point, user is met with a n x m matrix that is responsible for showcasing the dashboard that all users will have. Here, n \ge 4 and m \ge 2. $\forall i \le m$,  A(1,i) will reference AT LEAST the logout button, dm's access, and current organization with the logout button being available in the last column of this row. $\forall j \in {2,3} \land k \le m $ A(j,k) will AT LEAST reference a button that redirects user to a screen to surf through all job-applicants, a button to allow user to change their organization, a button that details the features of the app, and a button to allow user to change back into a job-applicant. A(4,k) will reference at least settings, statuses[will contain app statuses for job-applicant and interface to accept applicants, at least, for the admins]. NOTE: At this point, the minimal features are here. Add more to the grid if applicable. UPDATE: Also, Thinking about implementing tutorial later on since advanced css procedures will be required for the approach that I am taking. Also, after last sentence, need to start writing next state which would be screen for surfing through job-applicants which will contain substate(s) . Note as of 7/24/25: May need a nested component for State 1 that references the interface for the Application Statuses. 
- [State 2: Account Creation Page]: User is met with an n x m matrix that I will refer to as A. Let $n \ge 3 \land m = 2$. Then $\forall i \le (n-1)($, A(i) will reference fieldID-inputField pairs for the username, password, and at least organization respectively. For the organization pair, the rightmost element will reference a dropdown list for choosing the organization they would like to join. Once they choose the organization and click submit, the organization itself must accept them. The only exception to this is if the user created an organization[NOTE: Organization creation will need to be state as well]. Lastly, A(n,m) will reference a button that allows the user to submit their credentials to the database. NOTE: At this point, the minimal features are here. Add more to the grid if neccessary.
- [State 3: Messaging Interface]: User is met with a 3 x 1 matrix that I will refer to as A. $\forall i \le 3$, A(i,1) will reference the name of the message person, message body, and the field for writing/sending message RESPECTIVELY. A(2,1) will reference a 1 x 2 matrix that I will refer to as B. The elements, from left-to-right, will reference the receiver's messages and sender's messages respectively[same would apply for a groupchat]. Thus, the perimeter elements will have variable matrix sizes in the row areas based on the number of messages sent by the receiver and sender respectively. A(3,1) will reference at n x m matrix that I will refer to as C. Let $n = 1 \land m = 2$. C(1,1) will reference an input textarea element for entering contents for texting. C(2,1) will reference a 1 x o matrix, where $o \ge 1$ where C(2,1) will reference AT LEAST the send button for the messages. NOTE: At this point, the minimal features are here.   
-[OPTIONAL: State 4: Group Creation Page(will consist of the modification of the attributes that make up the organization)]: User is met with an n x 2 matrix that I will refer to as A. $\forall i \le n$, A(i) will reference property-input pairs where property $\in$ properties(Organization). Using Horizontal nested layout technique, matrix B will reference a 1 x 1 matrix that references a button that allows user to submit their new organization. NOTE: At this point, the minimal features are here. Add more to the grid if neccessary. 
- [State 5: Settings Page]  User is met with an n x m matrix that I will refer to as A. Let $n \ge 3 \land m = 2$. Then $\forall i \le (n-2)($, A(i) will reference fieldID-inputFields[with type checkbox] pairs for AT LEAST changing status of notis, (cont here for other things users should be able to disable), respectively. A(n-1) will reference a button that allows user to delete their account. A(n) will reference a button that allows user to save their configuration. NOTE: At this point, the minimal features are here. Add more to the grid if neccessary.
- [State 6: Settings Page]  User is met with an n x m matrix that I will refer to as A. (cont here with desc)
- [State 7: Stocks Choice Category Page]  User is met with an n x m matrix that I will refer to as A. (cont here with desc)
- [State 8: Stocks Graph Page]  User is met with an n x m matrix that I will refer to as A. (cont here with desc)
- [State 9: ML Soln's Predictions Page]  User is met with an n x m matrix that I will refer to as A. (cont here with desc)
- (cont here by adding states brainstormed taht include states that reference a stocks metrics)


